.arff: An ARFF (Attribute-Relation File Format) file is an ASCII text file that describes a list of instances sharing a set of attributes.
2 sections (header section (in this section, table and columns are defined, syntax of defining table is @relation tablename, syntax of defining columns is @attribute columnname and column’s datatype)
and data section (in this section, we fill data in all the columns in row-wise manner, syntax is @data then data of 1st person, separated by commas. Similarly, data of 2nd person like first name, last name, uid, contact no. , date of birth etc, then 3rd persons details and so on))

Attributes: Attributes are the describing characteristics or properties that define all items pertaining to a certain category applied to all cells of a column.

WEKA: It is an open source software that provides tools for data preprocessing, implementation of several Machine Learning algorithms, and visualization tools
so that you can develop machine learning techniques and apply them to real-world data mining problems.

Data Analysis is the technique to collect, transform, and organize data to make future predictions, and make informed data-driven decisions.

Association rule mining is a rule-based machine learning technique used to find frequent patterns in a data set.

Apriori is an algorithm for frequent item set mining and association rule learning over relational databases.

Frequent Pattern Growth Algorithm is the method of finding frequent patterns without candidate generation.
It constructs an FP Tree rather than using the generate and test strategy of Apriori.

A decision tree algorithm is a machine learning algorithm that uses a decision tree to make predictions.
It follows a tree-like model of decisions and their possible consequences.

Bayesian classification uses Bayes theorem to predict the occurrence of any event.

K Means Clustering in R Programming is an Unsupervised Non-linear algorithm that cluster data based on similarity or similar groups.

Cluster analysis or clustering is a technique to find subgroups of data points within a data set.

Linear Regression: It is a commonly used type of predictive analysis. Linear regression analysis is used to predict the value of a variable based on the value of another variable.
There are two types of linear regression :
Simple Linear Regression: Simple linear regression is a model that describes the relationship between one dependent and one independent variable using a straight line.
Multiple Linear Regression: Multiple linear regression is a regression model that estimates the relationship between a quantitative dependent variable and two or more independent variables using a straight line.

Outlier: Data points far from the dataset’s other points are considered outliers.